Joint control from the keyboard (#1)
AGH-CEAI/teleop2servo: teleop2servo/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to the `robotiq_hande_driver` package will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Added

Reviewer: Add this PR as the initial changes

Author: Done.

# Changelog

> All notable changes to the `robotiq_hande_driver` package will be documented in this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All notable changes to the `teleop2servo` package will be documented in this file.
```
